Start some docs for the operator (#2076)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-configuring-kafkaservice-by-bootstrap.adoc

[id='con-configuring-kafkaservice-bootstrap-{context}']
= Configuring the proxied Kafka cluster

> .Example `KafkaService` configured for connections to `kafka.example.com` port 9092

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures a `KafkaService` to connect to `kafka.example.com` on port 9092.

.Example `KafkaService` configuration
```

[source,yaml]
----
kind: KafkaService
metadata:
  # ...
spec:
  bootstrapServers: kafka.example.com:9092 # <1>
  nodeIdRanges: # <2>
    - name: brokers # <3>
      start: 0 # <4>
      end: 5 # <5>
  # ...
----

> <1> The `bootstrapServers` property is a comma-separated list of addresses in `<host>:<port>` syntax. It is recommended to specify multiple brokers if possible, to enable clients to connect even when a broker is not running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `bootstrapServers` property is a comma-separated list of addresses in `<host>:<port>` format. Including multiple broker addresses helps clients connect when one is unavailable.
```

> <2> `nodeIdRanges` declares the ids of all the broker nodes in the Kafka cluster
> <3> `name` is optional, but specifying it can make errors easier to diagnose.
> <4> The start of the id range, inclusive.
> <5> The end of the id range, inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> `nodeIdRanges` declares the IDs of all the broker nodes in the Kafka cluster
<3> `name` is optional, but specifying it can make errors easier to diagnose.
<4> The start of the ID range, inclusive.
<5> The end of the ID range, inclusive.
```
